hey guys welcome to plot 17 up a lot of
my warrior and to LP and you can see I
have gotten older / treasurer and gold
maps and you're wondering once with all
those extra levels well let's start go
back to the first level guides yes you
will you can watch the cutscene again
here's the trick
yeah I post across one men Wario stay in
bed then then you shall unlock secret
one secrets too okay then in this level
yeah you should remember it and you
don't need any points to get to these
secret levels okay now get some snake
room let it meet you there you go we um
we get hot it says oh yeah yeah you can
break through that then you roll down
and voila here you go the next one so
yeah now the side one okay now the third
secret is in this level now just get
past the room don't you do anything
then smash down messy i recommend you
smash album songs songs pick up the
stuff and this is where the hidden
levels are hidden what you're telling me
you didn't know that you had to that
these were breakable well yeah that's
the hidden bit of it so yeah you don't
want to get yourself through then you go
over here break that then push push push
push push then backwards
ok and again
and then go through go in
boom
okay down here in this level is it's the
pool well yeah this one now now follow
what I do Oh Bree I'm upbeat levels I'm
showing them to you for kindness okay
here okay now in this room drop down
yep Troy diseases so cool block next to
that door hit this one that's directly
under and go across here and yet this
one keep on going then fight your way
through then there's that bad but you'll
need to get crushed go get crash then
jump so it doesn't pull you up and hold
up and jump jump higher then walk across
and then take jobs and loosen or get wet
as well voila and the last secret is in
the following level yeah this level yeah
yeah these has levels will take a wall
to find almost be using games back if
using game packs of teasing and I used
it mal Connors doing this off by heart
but it's the boring process in order to
kill the map pieces and treasure Gail
all coins now if you want to get coins
in a cool way bombs warm then pick it up
and then throw them at the obvious point
not go off your point
voila there you go now let's let's start
these levels okay
ah hey wait a minute that long what 10
oh yeah the fact out warrior's weapon Oh
taking him where they going and it warns
like the War II got kicked out of his
own castle oh no they invaded his own
castle yeah but town that's chapter 2
well anyway invade warrior castles to
the castle doc hey
okay what's in the door go down yeah
this is the challenge level you can soon
because you don't want to go up okay I
got roll and that's a third levels of
penguin 15 ball penguin fell in the
water no you guys
okay what's new
okay let them go up there whoa
yeah so anyway I try not Wario Land 4
and it's majorly different first thing
you'll notice is that does that help Wow
helpful so I guess the trick is to not
get drunk unfortunately because I was
showing you where to get to these levels
yeah that's taking up most of my time
whoa whoa do to you saw that I got time
me really there we go I'll Blaney yeah
this is changed to a little bit once you
get a few treasure it just automatically
does them and then you go bigger mouth
it's a PA 0 could be a nine wait is an
a/c look at much money I have ok so
that's one down Oh see you guys next
plot where we shall tackle on the next
level